UI Customization document - initial chapters (#35579)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/ui_customization/topics/introduction.adoc

== Introduction

> {project_name} includes user interfaces (UIs) for login, Admin Console, and Account Console.  It also has a "welcome" screen used for initial setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{project_name} includes user interfaces (UIs) for the login page, Admin Console, and Account Console.  It also has a "welcome" screen used for the first administrator of the Admin Console.
```
